by the time im writing this, project hail mary has been implemented up to ACT-2.
this has proven hex-12 grid to work and that the editor is already fun to use!

so im gonna step outside of the agentic h*ll that is this codebase and put some
of my thoughts here so that it can be our bible. of sorts. there's still so many
more prototiles i could put in here but i really need to put my head down now
and make an actual game. so, and keeping in mind that the jam's theme, the theme
which needs to be guiding ALL our game design decisions from here on out, is
"COUNT DOWN."

i had already planned to make the game have a mathematics paper feel, where each
level has the header:
"show that the set of prototiles { our pallete, each tile rendered and comma
separated, with subscript showing supply } admits a tiling for the region:

[ that level's region ]

and i thought we could take this all the way and make it into an *exam*. with a
timer counting down. also the questions will go from highest order to lowest
order. and of each order, we can sort that with greatest supply to least supply.

but if you dont wanna have a timer, since it's a made up constraint, there can
be three difficulties:
3. honors (hard mode)
2. normal (need a better name)
1. practice exam (no time limit)

i think this is cute. and it's a very tractible design langauge. i want the game
to legitamitely look like a exam, or a math paper. with typesetting, or at least
computer modern for the font lol

= LEVEL RENDERER
first, we need levels being rendered into a Control. their scale should begin
large enough s.t. the entire region fits in the Control. the user can zoom in and
drag around with mouse, if they want, but they should not be able to pan enough
that the region is gone. nor should they be able to zoom a crazy amount. maybe
2-3x is enough. zoom out, say .5x . no scroll bars. the Control should look like
a maths paper figure, of keeping the coloring of the tiles since we have that
already. how they are rendered in the editor looks great

so, white background. black, computer modern serif text. each level is labeled
"**Problem N.** { Specific name for level, if we have one }"
*Show that the set of prototiles {} admits a tiling for the region:*
[Region]

each level can be on its own sheet of "paper". maybe i'll find a paper texture
too. but it's just a rectangular region. perhaps another control. which contains
the text and levelControl. i want this heirachy so that we can rotate and translate
the paper around to make it look animated. im not too too sure if we can rotate
around the levelControl freely like that though, but maybe we could! then we could
animate turning the page by rotating the current page and bringing in the next. 
this can all be done in 2d. if not, we can find something simplier with no
rotation.

this way, all levels are in the same "exam", or "packet". select each level by
changes pages. you need not complete the previous question to move on. 

maybe we can have multipart questions for variety and if there are similar levels
w the same motif or smth. 

= DESKTOP EXPORTING
we need to distribute for mac, windows, and linux. this should be straightforward, 
but it's slightly complicated bc we're using gdextension. this is something ive
not thought about at all, but obviously it's incredibly important

= SCENE MANAGEMENT
the game is simple. i want a title screen, it can have
PLAY GAME
CREDITS
EXIT

play game opens a menu that lets you select difficulty, then it goes to the exams
credits can be a simple single screen that will contain [TBD]
exit closes the game